---
layout: default
title: 
permalink: /posts/DataVisualization/
---

## Interactive Data Visualization with Geographical Coordinates using Bokeh

As a data enthusiastic, sometimes the data we analyzed contains information related to specific places. For example, the crime rate in every State in the United States. In this situation, it would be easier for us to convey the interesting messages we have found from a data to our readers using a geographical map. Practically, a static graph of data on a map is enough to do this job. However, an interactive figure would be even more appealing and informative to our readers! 

Although there are many free geographical maps API (e.g. OpenStreetMap) and maps with limited data usage (Google Maps API) available, it is not easy to combine or overlay our findings on these maps, especially when we want to create an interactive graph with a map. In this post, we will use [Bokeh](https://bokeh.pydata.org/en/latest/) to draw an interactive figure without using any of these maps mentioned. What we need here are the coordinates (a set of longitude and latitude) of the boundary of a place or a city. 

insert graph

The above interactive graph is the cattle sold in $ for parts of counties in North Carolina, USA in 2012. 

The datasets we used here can be found at [] and []. 

### Draw a map using longitude and latitude
The first thing is to manipulate the longitude and latitude and rearrange them in a way that Bokeh favors.

```python
# import library
import numpy as np
import pandas as pd

from bokeh.plotting import figure
from bokeh.io import output_file, show
from bokeh.models import ColumnDataSource, HoverTool, LogColorMapper
from bokeh.palettes import RdYlBu5
```

After a series of steps in Data Cleaning, we get the following data frame.

Insert code

Notice that x column is a set longitudes of a boundary for one county

With these information, we are able to draw an interactive map already. 

Insert code

Insert figure

We can do more than that!

Now we try to merge another dataset from xxx and make our graph more attractive and informative. 

Insert code
